Text and typo fixes (#186)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/extensions/ocdav.adoc

 
=== General View

> A PROPFIND finds its way to a storage provider like in the image shown below. While this is a simplification to get an understanding of what needs to go where, there are several places where sharing can happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A PROPFIND finds its way to a storage provider like in the image shown below. While this is a simplification to get an understanding of what needs to go where, there are several places where sharding (splitting and distributing) can happen.
```

image::deployment/extensions/ocdav/mermaid-ocdav-1.svg[width=600]

=== Proxy-based User Routing

> The Infinite Scale proxy authenticates requests and can forward requests to different backends, depending on the logged in user or cookies. For example, multiple `ocdav` services can be configured to share users, based on username or affiliation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Infinite Scale proxy authenticates requests and can forward requests to different backends, depending on the logged in user or cookies. For example, multiple `ocdav` services can be configured to shard users, based on username or affiliation.
```
